<<<<<<< HEAD
reflections.md
# 1.1 Think About Time Reflection
Which time management and productivity ideas did you learn about?
How to change behavior and make habits
Increasing motivation and how it will never work in the long term
Creating tiny habits
Time Boxing
What is "Time Boxing?" How can you use it in Phase 0?
Time boxing is the strategy of setting a timer for how long you will work on a project or an aspect of a project and stopping when that time limit has been reached. This allows you to assess what work has been completed and how much work remains to be completed.
Time boxing is going to be really useful because I usually have small periods of time in between client’s that I can use more effectively. It usually takes me about 30 minutes to get settled before I can start working on important tasks. However, with time boxing I would have to cut out all of the Facebook, email, news checking that I tend to do and get straight to work.  
How do you manage your time currently? Is your current strategy working? If not, why not?
Honestly, half the time I am great and on top of things and the other half I tend to procrastinate and do everything at once. However, I usually make a schedule of how I want my week to go but if I get busy or want to do something else I don’t always follow the schedule I make. I am working on my willpower/self-control. This is not working for me because I know how intense this program is going to be so I am going to have to be more consistent. I am excited that time management is the first exercise because I think it will give me better ways to construct my time.
My best time management skill is when I combine reading with my work. I designate an amount of work that I have to do when I complete it I get to read a chapter of a book. When the book is great this is the best motivation because I am so energized to continue reading that my focus is great and I burn through my work like a woman on a mission. I have been using this system since college and it has worked really well for me.
Can/will you employ any of them? If so, how?
I definitely want to incorporate BJ Fogg’s tiny habits strategy. I haven’t figured out how I am going to incorporate them completely but I have a few ideas. I tend to be a morning person and much of my work is done before I go to work. Each morning I want to do at least one iteration of time boxing every morning. I think this will start my day off well and I will be prepared for what I have to do when I come home from work.   
I think this is going to be a very important strategy in Phase 0 for me because my mind tends to wander quickly. I believe that time boxing and extending it will help train my focus and allow me to concentrate for longer periods of time. Since I am so new to coding I know that it can be even more difficult to concentrate on something when I may be frustrated or confused so have established time limits and breaks will be helpful.
What is your overall plan for Phase 0 time management?
I know that I want to more consistently map out what I have to do over the week so that will include skimming through each section of the module on Monday when it opens. I don’t want to get to Saturday with only two assignments left but those two assignments take 2 days each.
My plan for Phase 0 time management is to work on something every day. I want to get out of my habit of lumping my work together. Procrastination is one of my big time suckers so battling that will free up a lot of time to work.
I think my time management will change throughout the course. As I begin to discover how long it takes me to complete certain activities or find out that some strategies might not work for me I will have to make sure I am being cognizant of how each strategy is working or not working.
## 1.2 The Command Line Reflection
What is a shell? What is "bash?"
A shell is a user interface for access to a computers operating system to use the command-line interface.
Bash is the command language interpreter for the GNU operating system.
What was the most challenging for you in going through this material?
The most challenging part of going through this material was the fact that there was not a lot of explanation of what was happening. The hardest command for me was copying files. When I followed the example it worked but I was confused on how to apply the example to other files and directories. I am not sure if anyone else had trouble using this but I fiddled with it at least a hundred different ways but no dice. I eventually just moved on and kept coming back trying to figure it out. I could not move my ex12.txt file from the desktop to my temp file. Eventually I did get the file moved but I think I only move the name because it did not contain any of the text I typed.
Were you able to successfully use all of the commands?
All except for copying files from one directory into another
In your opinion, what are the most important commands and arguments to know?
Going through the crash course I found myself using change directory and list directory the most. I was always trying to do different things and experiment on my own so knowing exactly where I was really helped.
###1.4 Forking and Cloning Reflection
If you were going to write instructions for a new person on how to create a new repo, fork a repo, and clone a repo, what would they be?
New repo
If you want to create a new repo you need to go to your Github profile page. At the top right hand corner of the screen there is a plus sign. Click it and then select new repository.
Fork a repo
Go to the page of the repo that you would like to fork. On the right side of the screen there are three buttons unwatch, star, and fork. Click fork. You will have to decide where you want to fork the repo to. Select your profile.
Clone a repo.
To clone a repo you will need to open up your command line on your computer and locate the directory that you want to clone the repository into. On Github the right side of the page has a HTTPS clone URL that you need to copy. In command line type git clone and then paste the URL from Github and press enter.
Why would you fork a repository as opposed to create a new one?
Forking a repo allows you to make changes to an already existing code without disturbing the original. It also means a user doesn’t have to start from scratch.
What struggles did you have setting up git and GitHub? What did you learn in the process?
The only struggle I had was figuring out how to delete the repository. I couldn’t find the settings button to delete it. I didn’t realize that I was trying to delete the master copy instead of the forked copy in my profile. I learned  where the FAQ’s for Github are and that there are a lot of really good questions on there.
=======
# 1.1 Think About Time Reflection
Which time management and productivity ideas did you learn about? How to change behavior and make habits Increasing motivation and how it will never work in the long term Creating tiny habits Time Boxing What is "Time Boxing?" How can you use it in Phase 0? Time boxing is the strategy of setting a timer for how long you will work on a project or an aspect of a project and stopping when that time limit has been reached. This allows you to assess what work has been completed and how much work remains to be completed. Time boxing is going to be really useful because I usually have small periods of time in between client’s that I can use more effectively. It usually takes me about 30 minutes to get settled before I can start working on important tasks. However, with time boxing I would have to cut out all of the Facebook, email, news checking that I tend to do and get straight to work.
How do you manage your time currently? Is your current strategy working? If not, why not? Honestly, half the time I am great and on top of things and the other half I tend to procrastinate and do everything at once. However, I usually make a schedule of how I want my week to go but if I get busy or want to do something else I don’t always follow the schedule I make. I am working on my willpower/self-control. This is not working for me because I know how intense this program is going to be so I am going to have to be more consistent. I am excited that time management is the first exercise because I think it will give me better ways to construct my time. My best time management skill is when I combine reading with my work. I designate an amount of work that I have to do when I complete it I get to read a chapter of a book. When the book is great this is the best motivation because I am so energized to continue reading that my focus is great and I burn through my work like a woman on a mission. I have been using this system since college and it has worked really well for me. Can/will you employ any of them? If so, how? I definitely want to incorporate BJ Fogg’s tiny habits strategy. I haven’t figured out how I am going to incorporate them completely but I have a few ideas. I tend to be a morning person and much of my work is done before I go to work. Each morning I want to do at least one iteration of time boxing every morning. I think this will start my day off well and I will be prepared for what I have to do when I come home from work.
I think this is going to be a very important strategy in Phase 0 for me because my mind tends to wander quickly. I believe that time boxing and extending it will help train my focus and allow me to concentrate for longer periods of time. Since I am so new to coding I know that it can be even more difficult to concentrate on something when I may be frustrated or confused so have established time limits and breaks will be helpful. What is your overall plan for Phase 0 time management? I know that I want to more consistently map out what I have to do over the week so that will include skimming through each section of the module on Monday when it opens. I don’t want to get to Saturday with only two assignments left but those two assignments take 2 days each. My plan for Phase 0 time management is to work on something every day. I want to get out of my habit of lumping my work together. Procrastination is one of my big time suckers so battling that will free up a lot of time to work. I think my time management will change throughout the course. As I begin to discover how long it takes me to complete certain activities or find out that some strategies might not work for me I will have to make sure I am being cognizant of how each strategy is working or not working.
## 1.2 The Command Line Reflection
What is a shell? What is "bash?" A shell is a user interface for access to a computers operating system to use the command-line interface. Bash is the command language interpreter for the GNU operating system. What was the most challenging for you in going through this material? The most challenging part of going through this material was the fact that there was not a lot of explanation of what was happening. The hardest command for me was copying files. When I followed the example it worked but I was confused on how to apply the example to other files and directories. I am not sure if anyone else had trouble using this but I fiddled with it at least a hundred different ways but no dice. I eventually just moved on and kept coming back trying to figure it out. I could not move my ex12.txt file from the desktop to my temp file. Eventually I did get the file moved but I think I only move the name because it did not contain any of the text I typed. Were you able to successfully use all of the commands? All except for copying files from one directory into another In your opinion, what are the most important commands and arguments to know? Going through the crash course I found myself using change directory and list directory the most. I was always trying to do different things and experiment on my own so knowing exactly where I was really helped.
### 1.4 Forking and Cloning Reflection
If you were going to write instructions for a new person on how to create a new repo, fork a repo, and clone a repo, what would they be? New repo If you want to create a new repo you need to go to your Github profile page. At the top right hand corner of the screen there is a plus sign. Click it and then select new repository. Fork a repo Go to the page of the repo that you would like to fork. On the right side of the screen there are three buttons unwatch, star, and fork. Click fork. You will have to decide where you want to fork the repo to. Select your profile. Clone a repo. To clone a repo you will need to open up your command line on your computer and locate the directory that you want to clone the repository into. On Github the right side of the page has a HTTPS clone URL that you need to copy. In command line type git clone and then paste the URL from Github and press enter. Why would you fork a repository as opposed to create a new one? Forking a repo allows you to make changes to an already existing code without disturbing the original. It also means a user doesn’t have to start from scratch. What struggles did you have setting up git and GitHub? What did you learn in the process? The only struggle I had was figuring out how to delete the repository. I couldn’t find the settings button to delete it. I didn’t realize that I was trying to delete the master copy instead of the forked copy in my profile. I learned where the FAQ’s for Github are and that there are a lot of really good questions on there.
>>>>>>> master
